I went to your house, kicked the door, and your mom came out barking.
Yo mama is so fat that she like the Bermuda Triangle-when kids run around her they get lost
Yo mama is so fat when I layed back on her stomach i rolled twce and I was still in the middle
Yo mama is so fat, her blood type is Ragu
Yo mama is so fat, it takes two trains and a bus to get on her good side
Yo mama is so fat, she broke her arm and gravy poured out
Yo mama is so fat, she can bump people while sitting down
Yo mama is so fat, she can't even jump to a conclusion
Yo mama is so fat, she don't cast a shadow
Yo mama is so fat, she got a run in her blue jeans
Yo mama is so fat, she got her baby pictures taken by satelite
Yo mama is so fat, she got hit by a car and the car sued for body damages
Yo mama is so fat, she had her ears pierced by harpoon
Yo mama is so fat, she has her own area code
Yo mama is so fat, she has to take off her pants to go into her pockets
Yo mama is so fat, she irons her clothes in the driveway
Yo mama is so fat, she jumped for joy and got stuck
Yo mama is so fat, she ordered a double room for a singles weekend
Yo mama is so fat, she stepped on a dollar and got change
Yo mama is so fat, she uses a VCR for a beeper
Yo mama is so fat, she went to the salad bar and pulled up a chair
Yo mama is so fat, they had to baptize her at Sea World
Yo mama is so fat, they have to grease the tub to get her out
Yo mama is so fat, when she dances the band skips
Yo mama is so fat, when she goes to a resturant she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate
Yo mama is so fat, when she took her dress to the cleaner they said,"Sorry, but we don't do curtains."
Yo mama is so fat, whenever she turns around they throw a welcome-back party
Yo mama so fat, every time someone say "Kool Aid" she bust through the wall.
Yo mama so fat, her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo mama so fat, her nickname is "DAMN"
Yo mama so fat, she broke her leg, and gravy poured out!
Yo mama so fat, she eats Wheat Thicks.
Yo mama so fat, she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo mama so fat, that she needs a sock for each toe
Yo mama so fat, were in her right now.
Yo mama so fat, you have to roll her in flour and look for the wet spot to fuck her
Yo mama so nasty, I called her for phone sex and she gave me an ear infection.
Yo mama so poor, her face is on the front of a food stamp.
Yo mama so slutty, she could suck a golf ball through six feet of garden hose
Yo mama so slutty, she could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch ball!
Yo mama so ugly, her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her
Yo mama so ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dogs to play with her.
Yo mama so ugly, she went into an hunted house and came out with an application
Yo mama so ugly, that if ugly were bricks she'd have her own projects.
Yo mama so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so ugly, when she walks down the street in September, people say "Damn, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours... for a quote!
Yo mama's arms are so short, she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear!
Yo mama's like a refrigerator, everyone sticks their meat in her.
Yo mama's mouth so big, she speaks in surround sound!
Yo mama's so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed!
Yo mama's so bald you can see whats on her mind!
Yo mama's so clumsy she got tangled up in a cordless phone!
Yo mama's so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama's so fat every time she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama's so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo mama's so fat her neck looks like a pair of hot dogs!
Yo mama's so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
Yo mama's so fat people jog around her for exercise!
Yo mama's so fat sets off car alarms when she runs!
Yo mama's so fat she cant reach her back pocket!
Yo mama's so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama's so fat she fell in love and broke it!
Yo mama's so fat she goes to a restaurant, looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo mama's so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway!
Yo mama's so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets!
Yo mama's so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors!
Yo mama's so fat she hoola-hooped the super bowl!
Yo mama's so fat she lays on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy!
Yo mama's so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen!
Yo mama's so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint roller!
Yo mama's so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles!
Yo mama's so fat she uses entire trees to pick her teeth!
Yo mama's so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the new world!
Yo mama's so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone!
Yo mama's so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo mama's so fat she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama's so fat that her senior pictures had to be aerial views!
Yo mama's so fat that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo mama's so fat that the last time she had sex it was at a crispy creme dount shop.
Yo mama's so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks!
Yo mama's so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn"!
Yo mama's so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Car!
Yo mama's so fat when her beeper goes off, people think she is backing up!
Yo mama's so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too!
Yo mama's so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued!
Yo mama's so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"!
Yo mama's so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo mama's so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
Yo mama's so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow!
Yo mama's so fat when she steps on a scale it says I want you weight not your phone number
Yo mama's so fat when she steps on a scale, it reads "one at a time, please"!
Yo mama's so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave., she landed on 12th!
Yo mama's so fat when she walked past by TV I missed three episodes
Yo mama's so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo mama's so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama's so flat she's jealous of the wall!
Yo mama's so greasy companies buy their Oil from her!
Yo mama's so lazy she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs!
Yo mama's so old her birth certificate is in Roman numerals!
Yo mama's so old her birth certificate says expired on it!
Yo mama's so old her social security number is 1!
Yo mama's so old she flicked the switch when god said let there be light!
Yo mama's so old she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook!
Yo mama's so old she knew Burger King while he was still a prince!
Yo mama's so old she ran track with dinosaurs!
Yo mama's so old she sat behind Jesus in the third grade!
Yo mama's so old she was a waitress at the Last Supper!
Yo mama's so old she's in Jesus's yearbook!
Yo mama's so old that when she was in school there was no history class!
Yo mama's so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
Yo mama's so poor she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers!
Yo mama's so poor she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning!
Yo mama's so short she does backflips under the bed!
Yo mama's so short you can see her feet on her drivers licence!
Yo mama's so skinny she turned sideways and disappeared!
Yo mama's so stupid it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
Yo mama's so stupid she asked you "What is the number for 911?"!
Yo mama's so stupid she bought a videocamera to record cable tv shows at home!
Yo mama's so stupid she could trip over a cordless phone!
Yo mama's so stupid she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
Yo mama's so stupid she got stabbed in a shoot out!
Yo mama's so stupid she jumped out the window and went up!
Yo mama's so stupid she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners!
Yo mama's so stupid she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
Yo mama's so stupid she stole free bread!
Yo mama's so stupid she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonalds!
Yo mama's so stupid she thought a quarterback was an income tax refund!
Yo mama's so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept!
Yo mama's so stupid she took a spoon to the superbowl!
Yo mama's so stupid she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain!
Yo mama's so stupid she watches "The Three Stooges" and takes notes!
Yo mama's so stupid that she sold the car for gas money!
Yo mama's so stupid that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
Yo mama's so stupid that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
Yo mama's so stupid when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put "O.K."!
Yo mama's so stupid when she saw the under 17 not admitted sign, she went home and got 16 friends!
Yo mama's so stupid when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead!
Yo mama's so stupid when you stand next to her you hear the ocean!
Yo mama's so ugly instead of putting the bungee cord around her ankle, they put it around her neck!
Yo mama's so ugly people go as her for Halloween!
Yo mama's so ugly she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning!
Yo mama's so ugly she looks out the window and gets arrested!
Yo mama's so ugly she made an onion cry!
Yo mama's so ugly she scares the roaches away!
Yo mama's so ugly she tried to take a bath the water jumped out!
Yo mama's so ugly she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama's so ugly that yo daddy first met her at the pound!
Yo mama's so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for Planet of the Apes!
Yo mama's so ugly we have to tie a steak around your neck so the dog will play with her!
Yo mama's so ugly when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama's so ugly when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras!
Yo mama's teeth are so yellow she spits butter!
Yo mamma so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her...
Yo mamma's so fat she filled the bath, got in and all the water poured out.
Yo mamma's so fat she jumped into the lake and the lake replied "I'll wait my turn."
Yo mamma's so fat she was attacked by japenese mlitary, they thought she was godzillas wife.
Yo mamma's so fat that she became the center of the solar system.
Yo mamma's so fat that when she sits around the house she sits around the house.
Yo mamma's so fat that when she steps on a scale it keeps going and going and going...........and going
Yo mamma's so fat they could hold the olympics on her left butt cheek.
Yo mamma's so fat when she went on school feild trips the school had to raise fund to feed her.
Yo mamma's so fat when she wore a red shirt all the kids yelled hey kool-aid
Yo moma's so fat the only time she sees 90210 is on the scale.
Yo momma is like a bowling ball she gets three fingers, thrown in the gutter, and comes back for more.
Yo momma is so fat when she goes to a restaurant she has to be greased in and out of the boothes
Yo momma so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo momma so fat her nickname is "DAMN!"
Yo momma so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the bitches good side!
Yo momma so fat I took her to dinner and the waitress took her order in shorthand
Yo momma so fat I tried to drive around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass
Yo momma so fat people jog around her for exercise
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg and gravy fell out.
Yo momma so fat she broke her leg, and gravy poured out!
Yo momma so fat she cant reach her back pocket.
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it!
Yo momma so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo momma so fat she goes to a resturant, looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo momma so fat she got hit by a parked car!
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway
Yo momma so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway!
Yo momma so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets
Yo momma so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized
Yo momma so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans!
Yo momma so fat she has been declared a natural habitat for Condors
Yo momma so fat she has to buy two airline tickets.
Yo momma so fat she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo momma so fat she influences the tides.
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck!
Yo momma so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck.
Yo momma so fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
Yo momma so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops.
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller
Yo momma so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo momma so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo momma so fat she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo momma so fat she stands in two time zones.
Yo momma so fat she stepped on a talking scale and it told her to get the fuck off!!!
Yo momma so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please
Yo momma so fat She thought gravy was a beverage
Yo momma so fat she wakes up in sections!
Yo momma so fat she was baptized at Marine World.
Yo momma so fat she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for then new world
Yo momma so fat she was Miss Arizona -- class Battleship
Yo momma so fat she was zoned for commercial development
Yo momma so fat she went on a date with high heels on and came back with sandals!!!
Yo momma so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone
Yo momma so fat she's got her own area code!
Yo momma so fat she's got more Chins than a Hong Kong phone book!
Yo momma so fat she's on both sides of the family!
Yo momma so fat shes on both sides of the family
Yo momma so fat that her senior pictures had to be arial views!
Yo momma so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo momma so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips!
Yo momma so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo momma so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her
Yo momma so fat the animals at the zoo feed her.
Yo Momma so fat the back of her neck looks like a pack of hotdogs
Yo momma so fat the National Weather Agency has to assign names to her farts!!!
Yo momma so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures
Yo momma so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo momma so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo momma so fat they use her underwear elastic for bungee jumping!
Yo momma so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping
Yo momma so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet.
Yo momma so fat we're in her right now
Yo momma so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
Yo momma so fat when she back up she beep.
Yo momma so fat when she back up she beeps.
Yo momma so fat when she bungee jumps she pulls down the bridge too
Yo momma so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo momma so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo momma so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued.
Yo momma so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo momma so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?"
Yo momma so fat when she has sex, she has to give directions!
Yo momma so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!!
Yo momma so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo momma so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo momma so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please"
Yo momma so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave she landed on 12th
Yo momma so fat when she walks past window we lose four days of sun light
Yo momma so fat when she wears a Malcomn X T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!"
Yo momma so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo momma so fat when the bitch goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo momma so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Yo momma so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop!
Yo momma so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo momma so fat where in her right now
Yo momma so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through
Yo momma's so fat her cerial bowl comes with a lifeguard
Yo momma's so fat she had to get baptised at sea world
Yo momma's so fat she needs a VCR for a pager
Yo momma's so fat that when the whales saw her they started singing "we are family"
Your mama's so fat that her belly button makes an echo
Your Mamma is so ugly her nickname is hairy pooter
Your Mamma is so ugly she shaves her pits with a lawn mower
Your Mamma is so ugly she uses a line of makeup called "Why Bother"
Your Mamma is so ugly that when she went to rob a bank she didnt have to wear a mask, she just walked up and said "Put the money in the bag"
Your Mamma is so ugly, she went to the bathroom and scared the sh!t out of the toilet.
Your mammas so fat and stupid, when it was raining she used the freeway for a slip and slide
Your mom’s teeth are so brown, she spits Yoo-hoo.
Your mom is like 7-Eleven, open 24 hours.
Your mom is like a doorknob, everyone gets a Turn.
Your mom is like a fire hydrant, on every corner.
Your mom is like a gas station, pump first then pay.
Your mom is like a hardware store, 5 cents a bolt, 10 cents a screw.
Your mom is like a rail road, laid all over the country.
Your mom is like a screwdriver, everyone gets a turn.
Your mom is like Burger King , "Your way right away."
Your mom is like Dominos, "Hot, Wild, Now."
Your mom is like IBM, "Solutions for a small planet."
Your mom is like McDonalds, "Serving Millions."
Your mom is like Pringles, "Once you pop, you can’t stop."
Your mom is like Taco Bell, "59, 69, 79"
Your mom is like the Eagles Theater, 75 cents on Thursdays.
Your mom is like the Energizer Bunny, keeps going and going and going…
Your mom is like Timex , "Takes a lickin’ and keeps on tickin’ "
Your mom is so big, she thinks that Niagara Falls is a drinking fountain.
Your mom is so big, she uses the Statue of Liberty as a tooth pick.
Your mom is so fat she has to wear Levi’s 1002s.
Your mom is so fat, elephants throw peanuts at her.
Your mom is so fat, every time she walks her butt claps.
Your mom is so fat, I rolled over twice and I was still on top of her.
Your mom is so fat, she’s on both sides of the family.
Your mom is so fat, she’s still waiting for someone to fill the Grand Canyon so she can take a bath.
Your mom is so fat, she bungee jumps and goes straight to hell.
Your mom is so fat, she has her own zip code.
Your mom is so fat, she jumps up in the air and gets stuck.
Your mom is so fat, she plays hopscotch like this: California, Nevada, Arizona…
Your mom is so fat, she uses hula hoops to hold up her socks.
Your mom is so fat, she uses the Freeway as a Slip ’n’ Slide.
Your mom is so fat, we get a drought every time she takes a shower.
Your mom is so fat, when her beeper goes off people think she’s backing up.
Your mom is so fat, when she dances the band skips.
Your mom is so fat, when she falls out of bed she falls on both sides.
Your mom is so fat, when she goes to the beach, people yell out, "Whale Sighting!"
Your mom is so fat, when she sits around the house, she literally sits around the house.
Your mom is so fat, when she was a kid she could only play seek.
Your mom is so fat, when she wears a yellow coat she looks like a school bus.
Your mom is so fat, when she wears an "X" helicopters land on her.
Your mom is so fat, when she wears red, she looks like the Kool-Aid man.
Your mom is so fat, when she wears white, she looks like the Michelin man.
Your mom is so fat, you need a Thomas Guide to find her asshole.
Your mom is so old she farts dust.
Your mom is so old she got a kickstand.
Your mom is so old the milk in her tits is expired.
Your mom is so old, Moses is in her yearbook.
Your mom is so old, she owes Jesus a quarter.
Your mom is so stingy, she got a job at the 99 cent store just so she can get a 50% discount.
Your mom is so stupid, it takes her an HOUR to make MINUTE Rice.
Your mom is so stupid, she asked me "What does Yield mean?" and I said, "Slow down." And she said, slowly, "W H A T D O E S Y I E L D M E A N ?"
Your mom is so stupid, she got locked up in a bathroom and pissed in her pants.
Your mom is so stupid, she has no feet and complains her shoes are too tight.
Your mom is so stupid, she returned a doughnut because it had a hole in it.
Your mom is so stupid, she set the VCR for 2 hours to record 60 minutes.
Your mom is so stupid, she tried to steal free samples.
Your mom is so stupid, she tripped over a cordless phone.
Your mom's house is so small, she has to go outside to eat a large pizza.
Your mom's old, she has an autographed version of the Bible.
Your mom's so big, she plays marbles with planets.
Your mom's so big, when the family wants to watch home movies they ask her to wear white.
Your mom's so fat it took five UFOs to abduct her.
Your mom's so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Your mom's so fat she uses a satellite dish as a diaphragm.
Your mom's so fat when she took her dress to the cleaners they told her, "Sorry, we don't do curtains."
Your mom's so fat, her belt size is the equator.
Your mom's so fat, I have to take a bus a train and a cab just to get on her good side.
Your mom's so fat, she gets a hang over just from sitting in a bar stool.
Your mom's so fat, she has to buy two airplane tickets.
Your mom's so fat, she sat on four quarters and made a dollar.
Your mom's so fat, the back of her neck looks like a pack of franks.
Your mom's so fat, when she dances the band skips.
Your mom's so fat, when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling, "Free Willie!"
Your mom's so fat, when she turns around they throw her a welcome back party.
Your mom's so old she only has two teeth, and they're both in her pocket!
Your mom's so old, she reminisces when she reads the bible.
Your mom's so old, she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
Your mom's so old, when she was born the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
Your mom's so stupid, she thought a paramedic was two doctors.
Your mom's so stupid, she tried to change the channel on a TV dinner.
Your mom's so ugly, when she's on he beach the tide won't come in!
Your momma is so fat, she climbed in the Grand Canyon and got stuck.
Your momma's house is so dirty before you walk outside you have to wipe your feet.
Your momma's so dirty bigfoot took a photo of her
Your momma's so dirty she has to creep up on her bath water.
Your momma's so dirty that Saddam Hussain tried to import her bath water to use as chemical weapons.
Your momma's so dirty that when she went swimming at the beach, she left a ring around the ocean!
Your momma's so dirty the flies on a dog shit passed out
Your momma's so fat she makes free willy look like a goldfish
Your Momma's so fat that when she jumped, she got stuck in mid-air
Your momma's so fat when she fell over, she rocked herself to sleep tryin to get back up again
Your momma's so smelly even dogs dont smell her.
Your momma's so smelly even sewer rats get out of her way.
Your momma's so Smelly her poops glad to escape.
Your momma's so smelly she made Right Guard go left.
Your momma's so smelly she wiz playin in my Sand Box and the cat came along and buried her.
Your momma's so smelly that the only dis I'm gonna give her is Disinfectent...
Your mother's so fat, her clothes have stretch marks.
Your mother's so fat, she needs a hula hoop to keep her socks up.
Your mother's so fat, she needs a watch on both arms because she covers two time zones.
Your mother's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant she doesn't get a menu, she gets an estimate.
Your mother's so fat, when she goes to a restaurant she looks at the menu and says, "OK"!
Your mother's so fat, when they used her underwear for bungee jumping, they hit the ground.
Your mother's so fat, you could slap her butt and ride the waves.
Your mothers head is so big, it shows up on radar.
Your mothers so big that she sat on a rainbow and got Skittles.
Your mothers so fat that when she wore an "X" jacket a helicopter tried to land on her back.
Your mothers so fat your bath tub has stretch marks.
Your mothers so fat, people jog around her for exercise.
Your mothers so fat, she got a run in her jeans.
Your mothers so fat, she has her own area code.
Your mothers so fat, she influences the tides.
Your mothers so fat, she irons her clothes on the driveway.
Your mothers so fat, she left the house with high-heels and came back with flip-flops.
Your mothers so fat, she sells shade in the summer.
Your mothers so fat, she stepped on a scale and it said "Sorry, we don't do live stock."
Your mothers so fat, she was baptized at Marine World.
Your mothers so fat, she was baptized at Sea World.
Your mothers so fat, she went to the movies and sat next to everyone.
Your mothers so fat, she's on a light diet...as soon as it gets light out she starts eating.
Your mothers so fat, they got her face on the Crisco can.
Your mothers so fat, when I got on top of her my ears popped.
Your mothers so fat, when she fell over, she rocked herself to sleep trying to get up again.
Your mothers so fat, when she stepped on the scale it said, "To be continued."
Your mothers so fat, when she went to the beach, she was the only one that got a tan.
